- add 'Begin New Shift' operation on the 'Expperiment Summary' page

- finish implementing 'Search'

1. Consider 'discussion tree' option in both modes.
2. Implement a paginator in the 'detailed' presentation modes.

- consider redesigning the schema to associate tags with entries, not headers?

- implement 'thumbs' mode for images in the 'Browse' and 'Search' modes. Each image will
also carry a URL to the full document. HAve a button to togle the thumbs on and off.
Where to put the one?
One nice possibility would be to put attachments after tags. That would allow
seeing previews as a photo-album grid. Put an empty image 'No Preview available'
for unsupported MIME types.

  ------------------
  |                | <name>
  |                | type: jpg
  |    Thumb       | Size: 123545
  |                | [ Download ]
  |                | [ View ]



- think about how to implement the "search_entry(parameters...)" operations
in a way which would be not depending on using MySQL SQL directly in
parameters of the method. Think about setting limits on parameters, for
example.

- design the "Search Form":

Input fields:

  message text:  will be use if not empty. Possibly allow regular expressions
  author: <get the list from the database using PHP processing to allow selection
          from the list. On eof the options will be empty.

  from:   start data. Use if not empty. Perhaps add a Calendar dialog for dates.
          If the dialog is used then the time will be preformatted as well.
  to:     the same as 'from'



  in a context of the experiment:
     checkbox allowing to see messages posted in a context of
     the experiment. The default value will be 'True'. The idea
     of the option is to reduce
  in a context of shifts: the same as above
  in a context of runs:   the same as above

  tags:   browse the database for the list of existing tags and have a button
          "Add tag". The tags will be accumulated.
  tag values: should be similar to the previous one except specifying

Possibly design this form using YUI tables for tags.

Think about how to implementing the logical operations in the sarch filter.
The default behavior will be AND.

Place the Search form into 'navarea' in the same mannaer it's done for 'Browse',
so that it will be possible to modify search criteria and see results.
Add the 'Search' button on the bottom to initiate the search.

Return result in the same format which is used for browsing.


- perhaps implement a better (from the visualisation standpoint) table
navigation buttons

- implement a support for Browser's history buttons (PREV/NEXT)

- consider extending the schema to allow storying user name along with user's
account name. This will be needed for the "shared accounts" security model of
LCLS experiments.

- (IMPORTANT FEATURE?) implement "double" buffering-like behavior when navigating
between (Prev/Next) runs and shifts. The feature must be especially usefull for
runs because it would allow comparing values of run parameters.

- (HIGH PRIORITY) implement opening a new shift. Add the corresponding option into
the top-level menu bar. Also add a button on the experiment's Summary page.

- (LOW PRIORITY?) put something into the Help menus. Expand the menu

- (INTERESTING IDEA) Consider adding the 'Live Mode' to the Operator Messages
Display (that separate window show when clicking onto a message entry). In that
mode the display would automatically show all new messages. That would be really
cool feature which isn't in any E-Log!!!

- (INTERESTING IDEA) Also in that 'Live Mode' show how many seconds/minutes/hours/days
ago was the last posting. That would also give an operator some sense of timing.
BTW, the very same feature can be easily implemented in all message tables. Of course
this only make sense if tables are updated by a timer.

- LOOK AT THE BROWSER HISTORY SUPPORT

- (POSSIBLY) EXTEND THE SCHEMA TO KEEP THE ACCOUNT NAME AND USER NAME. IF NO USER
NAME IS PROVIDED THEN GET IT FROM THE REGISTRY DATABASE (LDAP) AND STORE THE ONE
ALONG WITH THE MESSAGE.
